yes can you hear me
The reason we're trying to reach you is to notify you that the irs is gonna file a regular lawsuit on your name in regards to the defraud with the IRS
Because the audit department has found some discrepancy and unauthenticated active case in your tax file and I hope you are aware about this matter.
If you're not aware about this matter I can explain to you what's going on but before I proceed any further I can give you any information, I want you to have a pen and paper so I can give you some information about the case.
Do you have a pen and paper with you?
I want you to write down my name and id number.
My name is Mike Davis, M-I-K-E-D-A-V-I-S, my id number is I-R-O-2-6-8, the case number is C-8-9-3-2-7-1.
Before I go any further I want I want you to know that this line will be recorded and monitored by the iris headquarters by the local outlets and Sheriff county Department so 
do not interrupt me and listen to me very carefully as we are really running short of the time all right
Once I am done I am ready to take any questions you may have.
all right we have found a tax file in between the years of 2012 to 2017.
What we found out here is that total owed tax which is five thousand two hundred and seventy six dollars still unpaid and give us lots of miscalculation and multiple errors in the tax law.
And we have discovered a strong evidence that shows that it is not a result of negligence and rather we have reason to believe that it was a willfully done with an intention to defraud the irs.
that's the only reason this legal issue is against your name with four strong allegations and allegations which are pressed against you are 
count one direct relation of tax regulation account to violation of Internal Revenue Code and count two that part section will count four willful misrepresentation of the information to the government Organization. 
now at this moment of time we have decided to forcefully recollect this amount from you by involving Internal Revenue Code which is six three one one eight against you.
This means the IRS will mark a lien on your assets including your house your cars and all your non bank accounts your passport will be freezed along with your state identity and your driving license
and in the next couple of hours we will be filing a notice of federal tax lien informing the public and your creditor regarding the government legal link to your property
and we will also be filing a lien on your office your assets 
and if you have any payment plan with the IRS it will be terminated under the fletching of 30-A-F-R-I code.
In any case if you belong to any other country than United States and you will be
deported back to your country under this code and if you are a citizen of the
United States 
then you will be behind the bars at least for six to seven years for this different. now do you have any question about this matter.
I'm calling you from the head office also crime
investigation division located at the 111 Constitution Avenue Washington DC 2004.
You cannot file your taxes?
Did you hire a CP agent to file your tax?
sorry ma'am we are looking for called entry and we have got the wrong person I'm so sorry all right goodbye.