Let me check it out.
Can I have your name?
Let me check Miss Brown
Yes you are speaking with Alex Marsher from the Internal Revenue Service.
We are trying to contact you for a lawsuit which has been filed on your name by the IRS.
So do you have a criminal attorney that can represent you in a courthouse?
This is for tax evasion.
The total outstanding amount you need to get to the IRS is two thousand one hundred and twelve dollars.
Ma’am do you want to resolve this matter and we submitted your case file with the federal courthouse, there are certain terms and conditions which you need follow.
If you are able to follow the terms and conditions, we will be able to resolve this out of the court. 
So if you are able to follow the terms and conditions, we can resolve this matter.
Before that let me go get permission with the courthouse people.
And before that I need to ask you some necessary questions which you need to follow and I hope to get the right answers from you.
Ok so first of all let me ask you: have you been arrested?
Have you ever filed for bankruptcy?
Are you filing the taxes by yourself or have someone taking care of your taxes?
If we go for your resolvement, do you have a sufficient amount to pay your outstanding balance?
Ok now I want you to hold for 10 to 15 seconds so that I can update the resolvement paperwork to the courthouse people.
Ok all right thank you for holding the line, are you still there?
Ok so I just updated the information of the resolvement to the courthouse.
What I’m going to do, I’m going to provide you with the terms and conditions of the resolvement procedure and how it’s going to work.
If you are able to fulfill the terms and conditions and are familiar with the payment procedure, we can do the resolvement out of the court.
Let me tell you the terms and conditions.
Condition number one: this amount is going to be paid by you at the IRS office in your city where your actual documents are available for this case. 
For the IRS office I will give you the address step by step and all of this has to be done right now ok?
Now condition number two: during the time you’re going to the IRS office you need to stay connected with me on the same call because if the line gets disconnected, your resolvement will be terminated.
This line is recorded and will be played inside the courthouse as an evidence that you are going to resolve this matter and we are following the old protocol which has been given by them, ok?
Condition number three:  considering subject matter as an honest mistake we have not yet informed anyone about this case including local authorities or the public.
We are giving one more chance to you but we have to ensure that this is only between you and the IRS.
You are not entitled to discuss this matter internally or externally with anyone during the time this issue has not been resolved.
If we find out, the result will be immediately terminated because right now your case is running under the subject usage act under chapter number sixty three c.
This is that neither you nor the IRS is allowed to disclose the matter with any third person, ok.
Condition number four: the payment to the IRS office will not be actioned by any debit card, credit card, cheque or using any kind using your banking or provisions.
There are relative legal claims running on your information by the IRS and all your personal information including your banking information is under surveillance under investigation by the IRS.
That’s why the people at the IRS office you need to talk using EFTPS which is electronic federal tax payment system, ok?
And you need to submit your payment at the IRS office by using a federal tax payment card, ok?
If you are able to fulfil the terms and conditions then there are three very simple steps which you can enable to resolve this matter.
The step number one is simple you need to go to the bank and you need to get this money in cash.
Step number two once you have the money in cash simply you need to go for the nearest government certified store where you need to convert your money into the federal tax pay card.
The federal tax pay card is a third party payment card which is used by the IRS through EFTPS.
You need to go ahead and update the information to the people so that they cancel your arrest warrant and clear allegations from your head.
They will put your case and resolvement out then go sort out your appointment with the nearest central government IRS office in your area.
Once you have organized your appointment I will provide the headrest appointment number at that time.
After that your step number three that simply you need to go to that IRS office along with the third party card.
Once you bring to the IRS office simply provide your appointment number to them so the IRS officers will conduct an automated counseling session and explain each and every information about this case.
They’re going to provide a hard copy of your case file.
Once you are satisfied with all your information they will also provide the information about why you owe this amount to the IRS, where the miscalculation, what was your outstanding amount and what was the penalties of this amount.
Once you are satisfied with all your information you need to simply submit the card to them so they go scan the barcode of the card.
They will collect your payment and they gonna provide you your resolvement paper, your NOC paper which is a no-object on certificates from the federal code of health.
And they will also provide the conversation details in recording and your resolvement paperwork and your receipt and your bill for the payment, ok?
You need your tax id number in order to open your IRS account.
We have all of your information with us.
I haven’t all the information but if you want to see you can come over here and meet them at the IRS office.
I don’t know, you can go to the headquarters of the IRS and you can get all information over there ok, we can’t provide you with any information over the phone.
